pages/format/definition.mdx, before:

# Definition

## General Explanation
Construct is based on the Notion of modules. Each module is defined by its (git)-url, version and (optional) options.  
Each Modules live in its own git repository available over http, versioned with git tags. If the version name equals a branch name the latest commit in that branch is used.  
At the root of a module lays the config.toml which contains the moduleType which defines the type of the module. Following module types are valid:

- rules
- chars
- bundle


A rules module contains rules, traits or equipment lists. These are located in subfolders whose location is defined via the config variables rulesFolder, traitsFolder and equipmentFolder respectivly, where an emtpy string as value means that the module doesn't contain rules/traits/equipment.  
A chars module only contains character sheets, whose location is defined depending on the types (array of strings) given as option. The type given as option is used to find the value of the characterSheets dictionary with the type name as key. This value contains a location attribute pointing to a file containing the character sheet. If no option is given all character sheet types are used.  
A bundle module only contains a dictionary of dependencies (url, version, (options(dict))). It is used as a rule set to generate a rulebook.

## Subfolder Formats
### Rules
Contains an config.toml defining the fileFormat (only markdown supported for now) and an array of string called fileOrder which defined which files are processed in which order.

### Traits & Equipment
Contains a config.toml defining an traits/equipment dictionary with sub-dictionaries that defines categories. These sub-dictionaries contain a attribute called fileName whhich points to another toml file which contains an array of dicts, each defining one trait/equipment.

## Dependencies
Each module can define dependencies in its config.toml. Below is an example of a bundle config:

```toml
moduleType = "bundle"
displayName = "Core Bundle"

[[dependencies]]
url = "https://github.com/construct-rpg/core-rules.git"
version = "main" # Use latest commit on main

[[dependencies.auth]]
username = "tionis"
password = "s3cr3t"
 
[[dependencies]]
url = "git@github.com:construct-rpg/core-traits.git"
version = "v1.0" # Use commit tagged with v1.0

[[dependencies.auth]]
privateKey = """-----BEGIN OPENSSH PRIVATE KEY-----
b3BlbnNzaC1rZXktdjEAAAAABG5vbmUAAAAEbm9uZQAAAAAAAAABAAAAMwAAAAtzc2gtZW
QyNTUxOQAAACCrIqAqwlAVwy+1L7IJ1xW4HVmxsWbBoXa6qW7Flut/SQAAAJiDYW0Fg2Ft
BQAAAAtzc2gtZWQyNTUxOQAAACCrIqAqwlAVwy+1L7IJ1xW4HVmxsWbBoXa6qW7Flut/SQ
AAAEBgOE9lGWLQFDalRRT7MyxkueVeTelfrxJr3poOFnaC1asioCrCUBXDL7UvsgnXFbgd
WbGxZsGhdrqpbsWW639JAAAADnRpb25pc0B0ZW1wZXN0AQIDBAUGBw==
-----END OPENSSH PRIVATE KEY-----"""

[[dependencies]]
url = "https://github.com/construct-rpg/non-existant-module-with-options.git"
version = "main"

[[dependencies.options]] # Options for non existant module with options
option1 = true
```

Each dependency is defined by an url (either http or ssh) and a version.
The version has to be a valid branch or tag.  
Dependencies can have an auth dictionary which defines how to authenticate with the remote. Which attributes in the dict are used is defined by the format of the url given.  
For ssh a privateKey as string literal is used, for http(s) a username and password combination is used.  
For usage with github we recommend to use github gists to manage bundles and use deploy keys (read-only) for the repositories with the dependencies.

Commit message:

added link to chat room

pages/format/definition.mdx, after:

# Definition

## General Explanation
Construct is based on the Notion of modules. Each module is defined by its (git)-url, version and (optional) options.  
Each Modules live in its own git repository available over http, versioned with git tags. If the version name equals a branch name the latest commit in that branch is used.  
At the root of a module lays the config.toml which contains the moduleType which defines the type of the module. Following module types are valid:

- rules
- chars
- bundle


A rules module contains rules, traits or equipment lists. These are located in subfolders whose location is defined via the config variables rulesFolder, traitsFolder and equipmentFolder respectivly, where an emtpy string as value means that the module doesn't contain rules/traits/equipment.  
A chars module only contains character sheets, whose location is defined depending on the types (array of strings) given as option. The type given as option is used to find the value of the characterSheets dictionary with the type name as key. This value contains a location attribute pointing to a file containing the character sheet. If no option is given all character sheet types are used.  
A bundle module only contains a dictionary of dependencies (url, version, (options(dict))). It is used as a rule set to generate a rulebook.

## Subfolder Formats
### Rules
Contains an config.toml defining the fileFormat (only markdown supported for now) and an array of string called fileOrder which defined which files are processed in which order.

### Traits & Equipment
Contains a config.toml defining an traits/equipment dictionary with sub-dictionaries that defines categories. These sub-dictionaries contain a attribute called fileName whhich points to another toml file which contains an array of dicts, each defining one trait/equipment.

## Dependencies
Each module can define dependencies in its config.toml. Below is an example of a bundle config:

```toml
moduleType = "bundle"
displayName = "Core Bundle"

[[dependencies]]
url = "https://github.com/construct-rpg/core-rules.git"
version = "main" # Use latest commit on main

[[dependencies.auth]]
username = "tionis"
password = "s3cr3t"
 
[[dependencies]]
url = "git@github.com:construct-rpg/core-traits.git"
version = "v1.0" # Use commit tagged with v1.0

[[dependencies.auth]]
privateKey = """-----BEGIN OPENSSH PRIVATE KEY-----
b3BlbnNzaC1rZXktdjEAAAAABG5vbmUAAAAEbm9uZQAAAAAAAAABAAAAMwAAAAtzc2gtZW
QyNTUxOQAAACCrIqAqwlAVwy+1L7IJ1xW4HVmxsWbBoXa6qW7Flut/SQAAAJiDYW0Fg2Ft
BQAAAAtzc2gtZWQyNTUxOQAAACCrIqAqwlAVwy+1L7IJ1xW4HVmxsWbBoXa6qW7Flut/SQ
AAAEBgOE9lGWLQFDalRRT7MyxkueVeTelfrxJr3poOFnaC1asioCrCUBXDL7UvsgnXFbgd
WbGxZsGhdrqpbsWW639JAAAADnRpb25pc0B0ZW1wZXN0AQIDBAUGBw==
-----END OPENSSH PRIVATE KEY-----"""

[[dependencies]]
url = "https://github.com/construct-rpg/non-existant-module-with-options.git"
version = "main"

[[dependencies.options]] # Options for non existant module with options
option1 = true
```

Each dependency is defined by an url (either http or ssh) and a version.
The version has to be a valid branch or tag.  
Dependencies can have an auth dictionary which defines how to authenticate with the remote. Which attributes in the dict are used is defined by the format of the url given.  
For ssh a privateKey as string literal is used, for http(s) a username and password combination is used.  
For usage with github we recommend to use github gists to manage bundles and use deploy keys (read-only) for the repositories with the dependencies.  
If you have further questions regarding this join the the [chat room](matrix.to/#/#construct:matrix.org) and shoot your Question there.
